Okay.
So in the previous lesson, we wrote a test that focused on reading correctly from The View next door.
Now, in this lesson, I want to add our second test, which is going to check writing to the bookstore.
Of course, the way that works is the user types an entry into this input which triggers this commit
method to run with this mutation and the data.
And that's the exact same way I want to write my test, I want to mount my component, I want to interact
with my input field, I want to set a text value there and then confirm that my commit method has been
invoked with the right mutation name as well as the value from the input.
So right here I'm going to add a new test.
It tells store that the user has entered skills search term.
So right here we're going to have a very similar setup to what we have above.
In fact, I'm going to copy our entire mock of the View store, except I'm going to need to keep track
of this commit right here, because later on I'm going to check that it's been invoked with the right
arguments.
So instead of writing that just function in line, I'm going to simply say content commit equals that
just function.
And then I'm going to use six right here to reference my comment above.
All right.
The next thing I'm going to do is shallow amount, my component.
So there we go.
Once again, I want to find my input and I'm going to find it using my data testis.
I'm going to copy line 18 from above.
And once I have my skill search input, what I now want to do rather than read the value, I want to
set the value.
And luckily this represents my DOM wrapper which is coming from our view test utils.
And on that view object there is a method called set value which I can use to populate this input with
a value.
So right here, if I take my skills search input, I can invoke a method called set value and that is
going to go into the domino and actually set the text input in the exact same way that a user would
interact with it in a browser.
I'm doing this within a test, so let's say I look for a term like view developer and just to not confuse
a future programmer, let's actually make this skill search term blank.
So it's almost like I'm starting with an empty string.
Thus the input is blank and then I'm entering the text view developer Now this set value method is actually
asynchronous.
It returns a promise, therefore I need to await it and if I'm awaiting it, I need to make sure that
my test function is async.
All right.
So after we enter that text into the input, what do we expect to happen?
We expect that we're going to run this logic because it is connected to our V model right here.
So after this logic is done, I expect the MC commit just function above should have been invoked and
in addition it should have been invoked with these two arguments.
So right here I'm going to say to have been called with which tests both invocation and arguments.
My first argument is the name of the mutation, which should be update skills search term.
And my second argument is whatever I entered into the input field, which from a test perspective here
is a view developer is right here.
My second argument should be view developer.
I'm going to save that and let that test run.
And in theory we already have the implementation because we did not write the tests first.
We wrote the implementation first.
So you can see everything is passing.
But just to verify that it works correctly.
What I'm going to do is to simply comment out this line of code right here, and let's see if that gets
it to fail, because of course, this logic will not run.
And thus you can see we're getting the expected error.
The just testing framework is telling us, Hey, I expected to receive these two arguments, but I never
actually called the commit method, which is now just function.
So I have no calls, zero calls.
I never received that logic.
So that is confirming that our test is testing the right thing.
So I'm going to come at this back end, get our test back to green, and that is all there is to cover
in this lesson.
So I will see you in the next one.